Version 3.2.1 - 26 April 2013

Highlights:
 - [hotfix] Fixed Bumblebee 3.2 not working on a lot of setups.
   This happened because of "Device" section splitting in xorg conf files.
 - [fix] Fixed an issue where an empty XorgModulePath lead to -isolateDecide
   being removed from Xorg start command line instead of -modulepath.

Important note for packagers:
In 3.2 release, we have extended our nvidia-specific udev rule file to add
device files (/dev/nvidia*) when the module is loaded (previously it would only
remove those files when the module is unloaded). Consequently, we also changed
its name. Some distributions, for example Gentoo, do not need to install this
rule file because they already have a similar mechanism in place. Please also
note that the rule file sets file permissions to 0666; you may want to adjust it
to set permissions/owner/group more strictly according to your distribution's
practice before installing. If you already use the kernel module options to
declare permissions, simply running nvidia-smi on module load will do the job.

Notes:
- bbswitch is independent of the driver; vga_switcheroo works for nouveau only.
  See also the Known Issues section above and
  https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/Bumblebee/wiki/Comparison-of-PM-methods
- the video drivers must be unloadable. This means that it should not be
  compiled into the kernel. When using dynamically built modules like nvidia,
  be sure that the toolchain used for building the kernel matches the one that
  is used for building the module. This means that Ubuntu mainline kernels do
  not work and will cause crashes.
- VirtualGL performance is very dependent on the Transport method set. The
  default "proxy" setting appears to perform bad in some situations. Try other
  available settings like "rgb" or "yuv".
- in many cases, primus offers better performance; please try it and report
  compatibility issues in primus tracker, if you find any; for now VirtualGL is
  still preferred as the default autodetected render bridge, while primus is
  being tested at larger scales before being released as default. Try it and
  ensure everything you use works to help us build the best backend.

Known issues:
- vga-switcheroo won't survive suspension/hibernation (patch for newer Optimus 
  machines for OFF to work has been published in Kernel 3.3; a good patch for 
  suspend is still being prepared).
- bbswitch cannot disable the discrete nvidia card for the Dell Vostro 360
  desktop with Synergy. If you have a machine using that technology, please
  submit your machine information on: https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/752542
- Some laptops (mainly Lenovo) are neither supported by bbswitch nor the video 
  drivers. See https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/bbswitch/issues/2. This is
  fixed in Linux Kernel 3.9.
