Version 3.0.1 - 26 July 2012

Highlights:
- [bugfix] Busy socket polling in optirun has received a temporary fix. This
  solves issues like "NVRM: GPU at... has fallen off the bus", hard shutdown,
  "Failed to initialize the NVIDIA GPU", and maybe some others.

Notes:
- bbswitch is independent of the driver; vga_switcheroo works for nouveau only.
  See also the Known Issues section above and
  https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/Bumblebee/wiki/Comparison-of-PM-methods
- the video drivers must be unloadable. This means that it should not be
  compiled into the kernel. When using dynamically built modules like nvidia,
  be sure that the toolchain used for building the kernel matches the one that
  is used for building the module. This means that Ubuntu mainline kernels do
  not work and will cause crashes.
- Certain machines need the "ConnectedMonitor" setting to be changed if using
  the nvidia driver. optirun will inform you if this change is neccesary on
  your machine, as well as report a value that should work and what file to
  edit. This will be changed in a future version.
- VirtualGL performance is very dependent on the Transport method set. The
  default "proxy" setting appears to perform bad in some situations. Try other
  available settings like "rgb" or "yuv".
- Do not combine power management methods (i.e. bbswitch with the deprecated
  acpi_call), it does not save more power and will break your machine.

Known issues:
- vga-switcheroo needs kernel patching and won't survive suspension/hibernation
  (newer Optimus machines need patching for OFF even to work, this has been
  accepted for Kernel 3.3; a good patch for suspend is still being prepared).
- bbswitch (and acpi_call) cannot disable the discrete nvidia card for the Dell
  Vostro 360 desktop with Synergy. If you have a machine using that technology,
  please submit your machine information on
  https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/752542
- VGA button (if present) will not change from color after switching and 
  pushing it has no effect.
- After a configuration change in drivers, the daemon needs to be restarted for
  the changes to take effect. However, optirun reads the configuration
  immediately which may cause unexpected behavior.
- The Lenovo Y470 and Y570 are neither supported by bbswitch nor the video
  drivers. See https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/bbswitch/issues/2
